---
layout: post
title: "Dev Diary #22 - NonEmptyString Landing, Hash URLs, and Email Template Warnings"
date: 2025-12-09
tags: [meteorjs, oss]
---

Hi, did you miss me?

This entry is much smaller in terms of contributions as I've been struggling with balancing work commitments.

[Add NonEmptyString to check package](https://github.com/meteor/meteor/pull/12852) finally landed. This PR was started on Oct 30, 2023. That's more than 2 years in the making for a very simple feature. If OSS has taught me any lesson, it'd be patience and perseverance. You can make all the right steps and still your contribution won't land, as maintainers might have other commitments. So you just have to continue pushing for it, and if the case is in your favor, you might be rewarded someday and get it merged!

I also made two quick contributions in succession:

[Document how to work with hash URLs](https://github.com/meteor/meteor/pull/14043). It was an interesting job finding out how Meteor goes about generating reset URLs. Turns out preceding URLs with hashes forces the browser to handle such calls on the client side instead of server side to avoid sensitive tokens being shown in server logs.

[Warn if Accounts.emailTemplates.from isn't set](https://github.com/meteor/meteor/pull/14044). This resulted from a real-life problem where email sending was failing, and no matter where we looked, we couldn't pinpoint the problem until a developer suggested adding `Accounts.emailTemplates.from` as Meteor defaults to `Accounts Example <no-reply@example.com>`. While digging, I also came across a change that was undone recently. Hopefully we can get to the bottom of it soon.